Last Week I explored some new computational resources such as google’s collabs notebooks such that I can begin running my project on sophisticated GPU’s that can handle greater processing power than my current setup. I faced some challenges with this setup as currently I have my project directory setup in .py files and .txt files whereas Google Collabs provides .ipynb files to run code.

For this week, I want to mitigate these challenges and learn how to run my .py files and project setup on this platform. I also plan to upload my project to github and begin working on writing my codebase with updates on the documentation. I failed to reach my goal of beginning training on my model and I plan to finish up that process this week once I mitigate these challenges. 

I’ve had a rather busy work week and social plans, and next week is very similar so this is a time constraint that I will have to work around to finish up these goals that I have set out for myself. One constraint I found was debugging my code once updating the file structure which caused some of my code to not run in my virtual environment which ended up being some pytorch method calls being wrongly named and going through and making sure there were no syntax and calling errors in my codebase. Besides that, I had set out a goal of beginning to train my model and I plan on finishing that goal with the remainder of this week. 

I think I let my social and work calendar get in the way of the goals I set out for myself and reflecting back, I need to maintain strong boundaries and strictly allocate time to work on my project such that I meet the goals I set out for myself. I have set out goals for myself to complete outside of work and academia for which I will have to find a way for these goals to both be achieved in parallel. 
