Last week, I played around with running my project on VM’s using google collab and tested the speed and efficiency of running my program on GPU’s. While I found it to be much faster to run my project, I really disliked how every session I would have to compress my entire project into a zip file and then decompress it in google collab to be able to run it because the files only work in a given session. I found this to be inefficient because as I was making changes to my project, the unzip times would get greater and greater (up to 20 minutes). Because of this, I aim to look more at different alternatives such that I can execute a command from my local device and compute my program in a cloud platform. 


This week I have found some training data from Kaggle and created an API token so I can download the training data into my project directory. This sample data contains 500 SKU’s of products coming from an old outdoor clothing company. I plan on cleaning the data up such that it is more readable by my model. I think at first I want to train on only the item descriptions such that when I sample my model it can come up with similar item descriptions. Then I plan on training it on the other data such as the names and SKU numbers so my model can refer to the individual products. Eventually, if i get my VM running correctly, and I can train sufficiently, I can utilize the sampling with a given input and hopefully I can produce an output in response to that input. 


What's in my way currently is my computer capabilities, I may need to purchase some computing power via VM GPU’s but I will do my best to find free alternatives. If not, I know there are some really cheap alternatives (cents/hour) if I'm training for days or something like that. 


I used AI this week, not to write code, but to generate explanations for specific lines of code and how to use API’s and simple tasks similar to that. I think that helped my productivity without relying on it too much because I still want to retain the information I am learning and want to work for it vs just receiving the answer. I think I will continue to use it for similar tasks to help enhance my efficiency. 
