Last week I took a break from coding and working directly on my project and explored the industry side of AI and data science. I attended a networking event which was centered around how AI practices affect, specifically, product management and these kinds of roles. We had speakers from Amazon and Ibotta who discussed how this evolving technology affects their roles, engineers’ roles and how they think are the best practices to stay up to date with new technologies and evolve with the times. A couple of takeaways I got from this event is that far too many businesses will just use AI as a fix-all solution to all of their problems which raises issues when you need deterministic solutions. This gives me hope that the skills I am learning are not going to waste and being someone who understands when to use AI/machine learning versus implementing a deterministic algorithm is very important.  Another takeaway from this is that the AI industry in general, is full of buzz-words and hype which is not necessarily what it makes out to be and many of the times these “next big things” are just what they are, hype. 

For this week, I plan to do what I set out to do last week which was to begin pre-training my model and reading literature around optimal ways to train my model. 

This week I am at a family reunion which may make it difficult to get an internet connection some of the time. Alongside events and spending time with my family may render it difficult to make it to my computer as much as I need to. That being said, I'll work on my project when I can. 

Last week I took a break from coding and focussed more on networking and building connections. So as far as my process for my project went, this isn't necessarily applicable to the progress of my project and I’d say that this week is time to switch back into coding mode. 
