Last week I worked on getting my nanoGPT up via Karpathy’s nanoGPT tutorial. I structured out my files based on chatGPT’s suggested file structure and modified my input texts import path. I also worked on putting the finishing touches on my personal website using the suggested template https://github.com/chadbaldwin/simple-blog-bootstrap and made modifications to format my website such that it followed the rubrics criteria adding separate tabs and pages which took more modification that I had anticipated. I also went through some of pytorch’s tutorials to help me better understand the code I had written from Karpathy’s tutorial along with taking notes of what my code is doing. 

To finish up the week I plan on gathering and preprocessing training data by searching through huggingface’s databases and exploring online resources. To do this I will replace the input file that I have given Karpathy’s input which is a .txt file containing shakespearean text. I then plan on beginning to do some research on what the model requires as far as how to process this text given that I am training a customer service bot. This may include changing my tokenization and vocab size because my model vocabulary thus far is based on individual characters for which may not be the optimal way in order to produce an accurate model. 

Some limitations to this is that using a different tokenizer may require more space on my computer given that there are on the order of 10^2 characters whereas some of the tokenizers used in LLM’s require vocab sizes of 10^4+ which will require a lot of space to process each training batch given the amount of parameters in a given vocab of that size. With the scale and time constraints of this project I will see if this can fit in, and determine if it can process efficiently on my computer.

What I can reflect on my processes thus far is underestimating the amount of time this may take. For example, my website took much more time than I had thought it would take and I ended up using AI to help me finish, although my website is not my main focus. For my project I wish to use as little AI resources as I can to help me write my code but rather use it to understand modules that I am unsure of, and use that to learn what is going on. 
